3/1/2023
There are many pieces of art in the museum.
They are pointing at each other.
Substance like water has three different forms.
"Hah! I've finally prevailed!" shouted the girl in red.
The reporter brought us the latest news.
The postage depends on the weight of your goods.
I signed the contract and bought the house.
The staff are very friendly.
He punished the player by showing the red card.
A few bags of garbage are left on the street.

The world population is about eight billion.
Face detection is everywhere today.
This film tells of a love story that happened on a ship.
The owner of the hotel recommended a good steak house to the tourists.
This shot will make you immune to all kinds of diseases.
There is a hold on the paper.
Under the guidance of a compass, you will find your way home.
There are many kinds of melons.
This exhibit contains various different specimens of butterfly.
The marks on the wall show the growth of the girl.

1/4/2023
People use different facial expressions to show a range of emotions.
We've never seen such a big waterfall.
You must sharpen your pencil if you want to use it.
Only a few animals other than humans are able to stand upright.
Each of these individuals is smiling. individual 个人 个人的 独特的
The four girls are having a rehearsal now.
There is a tear on the sweater.
He is one of the most famous poets in Chinese history.
The small island is covered with trees.
Please sort your garbage into different classifications.

Many people enjoy outdoor activities in their leisure time.
Scientists aim at finding experimental evidence from experiments.
He made up a stupid excuse for not doing homework.
The boy is giving his explanation for why he arrived late for school.
These Polish dancers are wearing colorful costumes.
The big question mark implies his poor comprehension.
They made a proposal that we should donate our unwanted clothes to people in need.
The clock showed it was just past ten o'clock.
Many living organisms can only be seen using a microscope.
He suspended the workers' work on the building.

1/5/2023
The religious building was built in the last century.
This parking space is only for private use.
The five loops on the Olympic logo represent five continents respectively.
I prefer dogs, but this cat is so cute!
He is resistant to wasting food.
This production chain ensures that the supply of milk meets the demands.
I have been living in this house since 2000.
The boy is swimming in the shallow pool.
The family enjoyed a tasty meal.
The tropical beach is a great place to relax.

He suddenly became aware of how to figure out the problem.
The squirrel is asking for some food from me.
The news says that two men were dead.
Instant coffee is soluble in hot water.
This is well-known painting.
There is a technological transformation in the factory.
Cars require fuel if you want them to move.
There is an empty plate on the wooden table.
Look at yourself in the mirror.
The picture presents different ways that signals can travel to our devices.

1/6/2023
Everybody raced toward the top, but I got there first.
"Bye mommy!We are staying at home today!"said daddy.
The fishrman hoped that his net would be full of fish.
The compound is underground.
This state is divided into several counties.
These people live in the forest.
There is strong connection between the entire family.
This chart shows an upward trend of the housing price.
His speech would address important issues regarding environmental pollution.
She suggests that sick girl see a doctor.

He shrugged and spread his hands as if to ask, "Why?"
These wind turbines can generate electricity.
The boy is climbing along the stem to reach the clouds.
We brought the technician in to repair our computers.
The father is crossing the road with his two sons.
Oh darling!I miss you badly when you are not here.
The man sneezed and sprayed many germs into the air.
At first he was scared of it, but later he found it was simply a cat.
Most birds lay their eggs in their nests.
They stand at the central point of the circle.

1/7/2023
Different people have different opinions about the same thing.
This is the avenue to the most famous sightseeing in France.
"I love you so much,"the father said to his dear son.
He came up with a good idea to solve that problem.
The army is standing on the grass.
The young woman plucked her eyebrows with a pair of tweezers.
He gives the alarm a bang.
Kangaroos are the Australian national animal.
China is adopting the three-child policy now.
She is calling the man she loves from a telephone booth.

The brood of young birds are waiting for their mother to feed them.
She usually has bread with butter for breakfast.
She got a special gift when she turned sixteen years old.
The big truck is dumping waste materials.
One of the characteristics of corgis is their short legs.
Many people are walking on the road.
The candle on the birthday cake is in the shape of a seven.
The youngsters shouldn't settle the problem by using violence.
The one thing that scares me most is giant mice.
Jogging has a lot of bennefits to people's health.

1/8/2023
Coffee is made from coffee beans.
We have an auxiliary generator to deal with sudden black-outs.
Her shiny black hair is beautiful.
People often mix up citrus fruits.
We're getting married today!We're so happy!
He predicted this stock would experience an increase in a few days.
There's a window and a chimney on this roof.
The singer is recording a song in the recording studio.
The wall is made up of bricks.
This new shampoo makes my hair smell great.

Teenagers are always full of energy.
She used to exercise alone, but now she engages in the group running.
I keep a record of the hours I work each day.
We put the Christmas ornaments on the tree every year.
I put my phone into my pocket.
My dog can stand on his feet.
My dog is suffering from a serious sickness.
She is holding some ice in her hands.
An insurance can offer financial protection against loss as a result of an accident.
The government offical signed an important document at his desk.

1/9/2023
The policemen are going to launch a raid to find the suspect.
I like red apples better than green ones.
Dispite the fact that my parents hated her, I still asked her to marry me.
My phone can exchange information with any smart phone that is nearby.
He suffered an accidental fall because of the banana peel.
The red books are hers.
This fruit salad is a great mixture of different fruits.
He was praised as a hero for saving the child from the river.
An inch is about two and a half centimeters.
He has been exercising for 3 months, but he still has over 90 kilograms.

Strange things flew outwards from the magic box.
She is winding cotton thread onto a reel. 她正在把棉线绕到卷轴上
If you need any help, please just ring the bell.
The sign is aimed at stopping people from stepping on the grass.
This TV show is updated weekly.
The public speaker looks confident during his speech.
There are two semesters in a school year.
The girl is smelling the pink flower with delight.
It costs 500 dollars in total.
There are colorful flowers in that place.

1/20/2023
When you get older, it is very likely you are less hairy.
The candles flared in the darkness.
The kid likes to blow bubbles.
Wreath are placed at war memorials.
They are going out for a tour.
The dollar price recovers at a modest level.
Tsinghua University is one of the most famous universities in China.
The person is thinking about a question.
It needs are a lot of courage for the little girl to climb the rock wall.
Wow, what a huge appetite you have!

The concert already started at 7o'clock, hurry up!.
This passage is written from three aspects.
His daily plan shows that he will be quite busy in the coming days.
The cheetah is the swiftest land animal.
She makes me feel I'm inferior to her.
Her teeth are sensitive to ice cream.
Giving blood is 100% voluntary:Nobody will force you to do it.
The car has great acceleration out of corners. 这辆车弯弯道加速度很快
A cloud of dust and smoke arises when the house is being removed.
This claw is mechanically driven to pick up dolls.

1/11/2023
The dog resembles the mop in the appearance.
There is a fishbone lodged in his throat.
We plough the fields so we can grow crops.
The troops are making an attack on the enemy lines.
It will probably rain on Saturday.
That lobster has a queer blue color.
She exercises every day and thus has managed to lose some weight.
The tiger let out a mighty roar on the cliff.
One kilogram is equal to two jin.
The machine is operational, sir -- you can turn it on now.

Her lips are the most beautiful part of her face.
We put the "do not disturb" sign on our door knob , so people know they should stay out.
An important factor for him when buying a car is its appearance.
Flexible working hours allow him to spend his day at his will.
The main business of this company is clothes exports.
Santa looks as jolly as ever! He must be happy with those cookies.
The bananas are ripening when color is ranging from green to yellow.
The final result is minus 5000.
This process shows the changes of mankind in different period.
The white powder is flour which can be used to make bread.

1/12/2023
He underlined the importance of teamwork in his speech.
I bought these food this morning.
All of the kitchenware in this set is wooden.
They expressed their sympathy to this man.
My girlfriend and I travelled all over the world.
Please give me the timetable for the flights.
Obviously, her manager is disappointed with the unsatisfactory plan.
They were the winners of this yearly competition.
This car has been modified to make it even faster.
They are having a meeting round the table.

She is doing yoga on her exercise mat.
He is doing preparation for running.
Many people are fond of Italian food.
The man is doing some finacial analysis.
Cleaning has exhausted all her strength.
The company's revenue exploded in 2020.
The students are asked not to bring certain items to the exam.
He is taller than anybody else present.
The cunning mouse eventually got that cheese.
Automation has made many manual factory jobs redundant.

1/13/2023
This green automobile is for sale.Let's take a look.
Look here. The dorm is in a mess.
Due to the poor market evironment, the manager decided to drop the cost.
We had a good time on our holiday.
I want to emkphasize the importance of teamwork.
The wedding aniversary is of great significance to the couple.
We only have one planet.
A rainbow arched across the sky.
All you need to sew clothing is a needle and thread.
This unluncky man is sad.

My yard is full of flowers an plants.
This tower was built for mobile phone signal transmission.
Tomorrow is Thursday.
The exterior of the building is full of glass panels.
Hair loss is a real concern for her.
The woman wears a red cloak.
The volleyball coach is talking to her team members.
She is a capable worker who is very good at multitasking.
The black pepper came from the Western Regions.
The man in the black suit looks very decent.

1/14/2023
Baicizhan cooperated with a famous brand to co-brand these new T-shirts.
The man is applying some cream to his fingers.
He cupped his hands around his mouth and shouted loudly.
The man used a thermometer to take his temperature.
They both looked sly when their eyes met.
Both lemons and limes taste sour.
The little girl shows her dislike for vegetables.
The little girl wants to become an astronaut in the future.
The building was destroyed in the blast.
I have many things to do. I'm very busy.

There is a huge economic increase in this country.
There is nothing more delicious than freshly baked bread.
The Canadian flag is waving under the blue sky.
The man is working with a calculator.
The expert discovered a vase from the Tang dynasty.
The heavy snow made walking very difficult.
The apple is divided into two equal parts.
Nowadays students receive most of their education in the classroom.
He plays football as well as basketball.
The man was hiding in the bush like a spy.

1/15/2023
A group of young soldiers are training.
The tram went through the city center.
Would you like some advice on staying healthy?
Communists hope to create an equal society.
This hotel accommodates their demands.
Mastering many programming techniques made hime applicable to wark as a software engineer.
The authority declared that catmint would be banned completely in three months.
It is an hour to one o'clock.
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
He is under attack from the hostile army.

The policeman is inquiring about the escaped prisoner's whereabouts.
The loyal dog is lying beside her master.
They serve so-called Chinese food.
The sponge gives the kitchen a brand-new, shiny look.
He stood at the door to welcome the student.
It's tradition to give lucky money to kids during the Spring Festival.
She wore a pair of pink slippers.
It's such a relief to pass the exam.
These five people have different relationships with each other.
There are a few used items being sold here.

1/16/2023
The rescue team were quick to save people from the earthquake.
In total there are 10 numbers here.
Be careful , that mug is little hot.
She shrieked and grabbed her hair.
This book is very thick.
This material is waterproof.
She has a big smile on her face.
You can use the machine to make coffee.
There are many kinds of boats in the port.
The woman speaks with her microphone.

The losing army was in retreat.
The barn was full of grains--what a rich harvest.
The girl had a long laugh after hearing this joke.
Nuts are a source of vitamin E for the body.
A green clean environment is a form of invisible resource.
The wolves invaded the goat family.
On our campus, we can just sit on the lawn to do our group work.
There is an apple among the other fruits.
The boss lagged behind his secretary while chasing the aircraft.
I'm the leader of this organization.

1/17/2023
The users of this product are largely female.
He entered his password to log in.
Sixteen ounces are equivalent to one pound.
The group of lawyers are standing in the courtroom.
Many red lanterns glowed softly in the darkness.
The angel statue is carved out of stone.
The scout keeps watch in the grass.
They are at the early stage of their romantic relationship.
The boy found the only vertical tree in the woods.
Where are we on the map.

It seems that their house has been robbed.
You had better practise for your big fight tomorrow.
All my shots missed the target.
My phone is out of battery. It'll shut off soon.
Sydney is the biggest city in Australia.
You belong to our group--please join us.
There is no water in a desert.
He asked her to write down his dictation.
The little dog is biting its toy.
Bananas are my favorite fruit.

1/18/2023
His crossed hands show his belief in God.
The red one is a core a core member of the team.
He annoyed me again.I was really unhappy.
Tooth problems usually arise from eating too much sugar.
The two businessmen signed a long-term agreement to cooperate.
The Yin-Yang is a symbol of harmony.
She took a glance at his computer screen.
Airplanes fly all over the globe, even over the poles.
I've wrapped so many gifts for Christmas.
I took a long bath to relax myself.

Check all your receipts when you pay your taxes.
He pioneered the discovery of the new continent.
He stepped onto the bamboo raft.
She likes reading in the library.
The family is going on a journey soon.
Oh, how wonderful!
The lawyer is showing the evidence to the jury.
The apple that fell from the tree helped push Newton to think about gravity.
Don't worry, your temperature is normal.
I was bitten by a mosquito.

1/19/2023
She sets herself a training session.
People used to play music with cassette tapes.
I believe that this is the road to success.
There are many terms in the Internet industry.
I got the worst score in this exam.
The nurses wear white uniforms when they work.
The lion is tamed by the trainer.
They sat face to face in silence.
She is waiting for her flight.
I need the seventeen ball to win the lottery.

The lady's bag with a chain is a popular fashion style.
This tool is unsuitable for the job.
The title of the news paper is very clear to see.
Look at this big yellow sunflower.
The doctor is carefully treating the wound on the little girl's leg.
The doctor said my lung problems relate to my smoking habit.
The woman regrets buying too much clothing.
Different jobs need different skills.
His mother urged him to do his homework.
This woman likes eating fast food, especially hamburgers.

1/20/2023
The boy came to the piece with a careful look.
They enjoy their childhood playing outside.
The charity aims to help people in need.
The kids are eager to eat the cake on the table.
I like eating bread with hot coffee.
The lonely ghost is drifting in the forest.
You can find an enormous amount of information on the Internet.
Coal is mainly made up of carbon.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is a government agency in the United States investigating crimes.
Some old memories emerged when she was looking at the photo.

Some cattle are grazing in the field.
This small car is very economical on gasoline.
The equation Einstein found is very important to physics.
The TV show is so dull that makes him want to sleep.
He wants a hamburger to satisfy his hunger.
The car was completely wrecked in the accident.
The girl is so thirsty wandering in the desert.
It was an unjust trial!
The lorry is carrying a lot of stuff.
She uses a blue towel to dry her hair.

1/21/2023
He infers from the thick black smoke that there is a fire.
Every morning, I wake up at six.
Stingrays have a poisonous hook.
Graduating from this school is a great honour.
She is at the end of the queue.
Too much exposure to sunlight can harm your skin.
The football fans are enthusiastic about the game tonight.
They are very excited.
How thick a rope do we need?
He let out a scream.

There have been no decreases or increases; the graph is steady.
We plan to build an extension to our house.
He is such an influential star that many people copy his look.
The man who holds the pan is her last enemy.
He made his entry into the meeting room.
Our company has gone through steady expansion for the last ten years.
She expressed different emotions when watching this TV series.
He is indignant about the unfair treament that the dog received.
The new parking restrictions will be strictly enforced.
A civil aircraft is used for taking passengers.









