2/9/2023
Newton's intellectual mind had been inspired by an apple.
The little boy read this book with great interest.
Look! The elephant is drinking water with its long nose.
I've got a thousand followers online.I'm so popular!.
This is a team of medical workers.
Moving the big stone is a difficult undertaking for him.
The tongue is a sensor of taste.
I took many pictures yesterday.
Sometimes we should respect the limitations imposed on us.

That politician is a  liar!Don't believe him!
It's easy to distinguish the blue man from the gray men.
The idea of having hot pot for dinner is echoed by everyone in the room.
There is a heap of sand on the ground.
The exam result disappointed him.
Some of the skin problems occurred.
They are really excited about the football match.
The kids are singing their favorite song.
Here are all of my travel photographs.
Compared with the Earth, the Sun is extremely large.

2/10/2023
The worker injured himself at the construction site.
The price of the luxury car is equivalent to ten times his annual salary.
London is localted in the south-east of England.
Look!The three rats are waving to us.
I'm just an ordinary man.
I wish I could offer you some cake but there's no cake left.
The artist is doing a sketch of the living room.
It feels great to lie down on the grass.
She is going to give her mom a big hug.
My grandmother has a full head of gray hair.

This word has so many different meanings.
I'm nineteen years old now!
I am boiling water in a kettle to make tea.
The newborn baby looks so innocent when he smiles.
The mechanic gave the car a thorough inspection according to the check list.
A huge eagle is flying high in the sky.
She makes efforts to do exercise so that she can keep fit.
An ideal weekend is to lie on the sofa watching TV and eating snacks.
Water, food and air are essential to life.
They are doing their work on the farm.

2/11/2023
Water flows from the tap.
Look, those birds are flying high in the sky.
We have two new classmates, and they are foreigners!
I give you me consent;you can do it if you want.
She went through a significant conversion in the last four years.
He undertakes the job of a father: working and taking care of the baby.
I like having a cup of coffee before going to work.
People are taking refuge in the camps.
Working from home is a good practice to keep you safe.
The structural design of a building is a very complex work.

The family enjoyed a nice pic nic outside.
The rocket failed to launch.
The cat is very confident;in his mind, he is a powerful beast.
The colleagues work together in the office every day.
Why is there a clumsy elephant in the restaurant?
He has a broad range of hobbies.
Business activities include buying, selling and exchanging services for money.
Ducks are swimming happily in the water.
Everyone has a bond with another person in this web.
The fish's body swelled to protect itself.

2/12/2023
The old man stood at the window and looked out.
We keep all of the baby's stuff in his bedroom.
Life is constantly full of twists and turns.
The man thought he was funny but actually he is such a bore.
Nodody is above the law.
Robots have already been used in the car production field.
He found a key in the forest.
My brother jumped out of the closet and frightened me.
She has many bags of fertilizer in her storage room.
We enjoy fresh fruit from the tree and fresh fish from the river.

The man is filing his resignation.
Lately, the temperature keeps going above 40 °C.
My husband likes to rouse me with a gentle touch in the morning.
I put on my white vest to get ready for exercise.
The baby is about to make the very first step in his life.
Large coastal cities are usually built around busy seaports.
The stock index rises and falls all the time.Invest cautiously.
The boy is isolated from his classmates.
A boat is necessary to get across the river.
Incorrect standing posture is bad for your health.

2/13/2023
The gracious queen hugged the boy in the crowd.
It's finally Friday!
You can see the framework of the building so well at the moment.
I rent a nice loft apartment.The ceilings are very high!
He often eats a hamburger for lunch.
The mainland of this country is an island.
The pressure gauge indicated the pressure of the water in the pipe.
The car has a generous amount of storage space.
After long reflection, he still does not know what to do.
The possibility that I grab the black ball is fifty percent.

The couple have the certificate to prove their ownership of this house.
Why go through all that trouble when you can just walk straight.
The red canoe is resting on the shallow water.
After tasting the cake, the little boy shows a cheerful expression.
It's almost a certainty that he'll win the race.
The letter is put into the red envelope.
There are some formulas and theories in mechanics on the blackboard.
This prison has been abandoned for many years.
The woman in black is mourning the death of a loved one.
The salesman is introducing the latest car to his customer.

2/14/2023
It is expensive to eat at this fancy restaurant.
If you want to achieve your goals, it's important to specify them clearly.
Saints are often depicted with a circle of light above them to show their holiness.
You can't predict the weather here -- it's too variable.
The girl in the middle seems to be the winner of the contest.
He ran away in fear.
The man commanded his dog to run over there.
The word "tomato" is pronounced differently in English and American accents.
She is in a bad condition and must stay at the hospital.
This can is made of aluminium.

She was badly affected after her boyfriend broke up with her.
I managed to conquer the difficulties in my work.
The students' names are in the first column of the table.
This is a coil of metal wire.
These poor African kids suffer a lot from famine.
The boy was badly injured in the school.
I always use this basket to pack food for a picnic.
The mother and daughter are decorating the Christmas tree.
The cat felt ashamed that it was caught when eating the goldfish.
It's already 3:22 a.m., but she is still awake.

2/15/2023
In addition to taking care of her baby, she also has to work.
She walked along the road for a long time.
The workers are constructing a tall building.
The boy is anxious about the exam.
The president and the vice president work closely together.
It seldom rains in the desert.
I took my daughter to the grocery store to buy some food.
Sadly, the dog he loved the most left him.
Gradually, robots have replaced factory workers.
She's a good listener who always hears you out when you have problems.

There are many orange trees in this plantation.
The cat in the box may or may not be alive.
These birds all have bright colors.
Wu should delete useless files from the computer.
The celebrity is surrounded by a large crowd of his fans.
Be careful around the hot furnace.
Cotton feels soft and can be used to make clothes.
There is a business battle between the two companies.
He is operating this machinery.
The little boy is running to fly his colorful kite.

2/16/2023
I can't focus on my work with such a lovely keyboard.
The linen tablecloth is rough to the touch.
Her religion leads her to pray in the morning everyday.
Einstein introduced the theory of relativity.
A Swiss Army knife contains many different useful tools.
This little slope is for people in wheelchairs.
I'm sorry I called you fat - you're hardly fat at all, please forgive me!
It's hard to choose which way to go in this situation.
The matchsticks keep that weary student's eyes open.
The kids like using tins as telephones.

He dreamed of being a pilot since he was a little boy.
There's a phone on the desk.
These oppressed mushrooms were waging a rebellion against the brutal ruler.
This one is pecial among all the bananas.
The elephant is drining water.
This pathetic bird is going to be executed by the cruel hunter.
There are many seats in the meeeting room, but they are all empty.
The population has increased dramatically in recent years.
It's so hard to maintain this position for a long time!
The parking lot is on the left.

2/17/2023
She is the owner of the milk tea shop.
The helpful librarian helped me find the books I needed.
The man is in agony when hearing the bad news.
He is a place with raging fire that is vividly described in the Bible.
He is sitting in front of a computer and reading a lot of graphs.
The mayor is giving a speech on the stage.
"Grandfather is the father of your parent,"the boy said.
I went sightseeing in Paris.
The early European settlers came to this area in waggons.
The horse's long tail lifted up into the air as it ran.

They set good examples in saving food.
Water freezes at 0°C.
We can tell from the shape of its head that this is a male goose.
The loaf of bread has been cut into slices.
Love is the foundation of marriage.
The company's success was a result of good management.
There are ghosts in movies  and stories , but I don't think they are real.
Geography can help us know the world better.
The family are sharing a moment of happiness together.
I feel a chill coming on. The temperature is set too law.



























